>>GEORGE NOORY: What
is orgone energy?
>>MICHELLE HOOD: Orgone
energy is the layering
of organic and inorganic
materials, which
somehow harnesses chi
force or etheric energy.
>>GEORGE: How did you begin
to build things like this
and realize they work?
>>MICHELLE: I didn't
know they work.
So I had to buy a meter
to find out that they did.
And I just--
>>GEORGE: What did
the meter show you?
>>MICHELLE: The meter
showed me that when
I put the pyramid in between
the Wi-Fi or electronics,
the microwaves were reduced.
>>GEORGE: Really?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Our guest, Michelle Hood, is
a photographer, artist, owner
of LitetheLight.com, making
orgone energy pyramids.
we're going to show you
them and other tools
for restoring harmonic balance
to the planet and all living
things.
Michelle, welcome
to the program.
>>MICHELLE: Thank you, George.
It's such an honor
to be here with you.
>>GEORGE: We're going
to get into these,
but these things
are simply gorgeous.
>>MICHELLE: Thank you.
>>GEORGE: How long does it
take to make one of these?
>>MICHELLE: It depends on a lot.
There's a lot of
factors that can
add to that--
intricacy, temperature.
But six days to three
weeks, depending.
>>GEORGE: I used to have a
friend in school, grade school.
He used to come to school
wearing a pyramid hat.
And he claimed that it
helped him in his studies.
He was an A student.
>>MICHELLE: Well, maybe.
>>GEORGE: Who can
doubt it, right?
>>MICHELLE: I don't know.
>>GEORGE: Pyramid
power, he called it.
>>MICHELLE: I slept on books.
I don't know.
I felt that that was
a good way to go.
>>GEORGE: What is orgone energy?
>>MICHELLE: Orgone energy
is the layering of organic
and inorganic materials, which
somehow harnesses chi force--
like Star Wars--
or etheric energy.
Somehow, the layering
masculine feminine, the yin
and yang symbol also kind
of display this energy.
There's kind of a swoosh to it.
>>GEORGE: Where
did it come from?
>>MICHELLE: It's
everywhere around us.
>>GEORGE: Always has been?
>>MICHELLE: Always has been.
>>GEORGE: How did you
get involved in this?
>>MICHELLE: I started paying
attention to the frequencies
coming through the cell
towers, and the high pitched
frequencies in my ears,
and the sonar going on--
>>GEORGE: Not good.
>>MICHELLE: --in the ocean.
And someone mentioned to me
that they throw these pyramids--
orgonite, they used to
call them-- in the ocean
and the dolphins would come.
So I realized there
was some generation
of harmonic frequencies
with these devices.
>>GEORGE: Are there
frequencies all around us?
>>MICHELLE: Well,
we're surrounded
by cell towers and
satellites and electronics
and all kinds of things.
Everything generates
a frequency.
The Muir Woods, the Redwoods--
>>GEORGE: Isn't that
interference, though?
Cell towers, 5G, all that stuff?
How does this work?
>>MICHELLE: Well, when you
put the crystals in resin,
as the resin hardens,
it squeezes the crystal
and locks it in an
amplified state.
So the crystals, like the volume
of a speaker, is turned on high
and just left there.
And you add other
inorganic materials,
which for me work as metals.
And the combination of
the organic crystals,
the metals with the adhesion
of the resin, makes the orgone.
At least it seems to work.
I have meters that
tell me it does.
>>GEORGE: Now, there seems
to be different things
within each pyramid.
Do they do different things?
>>MICHELLE: Well you
must have a quartz
for the piezoelectric effect.
It can be quartz,
amethyst, or citrine.
>>GEORGE: That's what
we see inside, right?
>>MICHELLE: Those
are the main stones.
And then I started
adding other stones
for their spiritual, etheric,
psychological and healing
benefits.
I felt that adding
those stones not only
added to the beauty
of the pieces,
but it added to the depth
of frequencies available.
>>GEORGE: Can I
hold one of these?
>>MICHELLE: Sure.
Which one would you like?
>>GEORGE: You just pick.
>>MICHELLE: This one.
That's a pretty intricate one.
>>GEORGE: So how
would you use this?
>>MICHELLE: First,
originally made these two
because I felt that there
was a war on creation.
And I wanted to create
beautiful things
that people, whether they
understood what was happening
or not, would be
attracted to these
and have them in their home.
And it would raise
the frequencies
of their environment,
and therefore
raise their frequencies.
So people can put them
in front of the Wi-Fi.
They can put them in
front of their computer.
If you notice
sometimes when you're
sitting in front of the
computer too long, what
happens to me is my heart
chakra tends to collapse.
>>GEORGE: Really?
>>MICHELLE: So if you put
something-- because we're not
used to the blue light.
That's a whole new
introduction to our field.
So we want to put
something in between.
>>GEORGE: Do you
get palpitations?
>>MICHELLE: No, but
I have bad posture.
So I'm realizing my energy
field is being disturbed.
So in front of your computer,
people put them in their room.
Some find them too much
so they can't sleep.
Other people write to me
that they sleep better.
There's lots of
ways to use these.
>>GEORGE: You're telling
us more about orgon energy.
Or you call it orgone?
>>MICHELLE: Orgone.
>>GEORGE: Is that positive
or negative for people?
>>MICHELLE: Well, it could
be orgon too, by the way.
I have not found it to
be negative for anyone.
>>GEORGE: It's all good stuff?
>>MICHELLE: I think so.
>>GEORGE: James Demeo,
do you know him?
>>MICHELLE: I don't know
him, but I have his books.
>>GEORGE: He's founder of the
Orgone Biophysical Research
Lab, talks about some of
this with Regina Meredith.
>>MICHELLE: OK.
>>JAMES DEMEO: You're
talking about something
that's in the atmosphere.
But after you exclude
all of the atmosphere,
exclude all the molecules of
air, something is in there.
Now, Reich was one
of the first people
to point out that the
Earth has an energy
field, what he called the orgone
energy envelope of the Earth.
And he pointed to this long
before the astronauts came back
with pictures of the Earth
showing that it has this blue--
the blue aura of the
Earth, if you will.
And today, of course--
well, let me back up.
During Reich's time, the
theory was that space
was empty, totally empty space.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
It was a vacuum.
Truly a vacuum.
>>JAMES: It was totally
a vacuum of emptiness.
Now, if you go back
100 years earlier,
they talked about
the ether of space.
But that was done away with.
Then in Reich's time, you
had Einstein's theory,
and all of the empty space
theory, which was very popular.
Today, they're getting
back to the idea
that there must be
something out there.
And it's given the name dark
matter or the neutrino sea
or the interstellar media.
They have all different
kinds of terms for something
is out there beyond just
merely ions or magnetic fields.
But ions and magnetic fields
and electrical fields combined.
They talk about the
plasma of space.
And that gets closer,
but I don't think--
one of the criticisms of that
from the classical, narrow
minds is that there's not
enough ions or magnetic field
or electric field to really
count for a true plasma.
But nevertheless, there's
all kinds of stuff
you can see out in space
that behaves like a plasma.
So what's going on?
I think is its orgone energy.
It's the same energy
that Reich discovered.
It has components of a plasma,
but it's not exactly that.
It's something that's
a little bit more--
it's a life energy.
>>GEORGE: Michelle, how do
we tap into this energy?
Because it seems
to me if you can,
do incredible things with it.
>>MICHELLE: Nature, meditation,
focus, orgone pyramids.
>>GEORGE: Pyramids.
>>MICHELLE: All kinds of things.
Orgone is just the
layering-- inorganic layering
of materials.
Reich's orgone
accumulators were that.
He created these boxes that
seemed to harness the chi,
but crystals do that very well.
>>GEORGE: Edgar Cayce,
the late American prophet,
said if you put a cold coin--
that's what he called it,
it's a piece of
some kind of metal--
in your pocket, it will prevent
illnesses, diseases, colds,
all kinds of afflictions.
If he's correct, what
has he tapped into?
>>MICHELLE: Maybe it's
just the frequencies
of that and your
energetic field,
or your morphogenic field
accesses extra frequencies
to block things.
I'm not an expert on that.
>>GEORGE: Your artwork
is very unique.
How did you begin to
build things like this
and realize they work?
>>MICHELLE: I
started as a hobby.
I researched orgone
energy for one year
and how to make these and
all the different things.
I started making them.
And I didn't know they worked.
So I had to buy a meter
to find out that they did.
And I just--
>>GEORGE: Then what
did the meter show you?
>>MICHELLE: The meter
showed me that when
I put the pyramid in between
the Wi-Fi or electronics,
the microwaves were reduced.
>>GEORGE: Really?
>>MICHELLE: From maybe
7 to 1 on the meter.
>>GEORGE: They absorb it?
>>MICHELLE: They do something.
They block it, they absorb it.
When you have frequencies,
a high frequency
comes into contact
with a low frequency,
the high frequency
doesn't come down.
The low frequency comes up.
>>GEORGE: What do
you think, Michelle,
is the significance
of the pyramid shape?
Why does that seem to work?
>>MICHELLE: When I first
started making these,
I just knew that it
had to be a pyramid.
I did not-- there was
no other option for me.
Just, I'm going to
do this as a pyramid.
>>GEORGE: Well, that
was a smart move.
>>MICHELLE: But I have learned
that, well, pyramids there's
a clockwise spiral vortex of
energy coming out of the apex.
And all the sides emit
powerful energies as well.
I think pyramids tap
in somehow to the Earth
and amplify what's inside
them, what's above,
and the combination of
that in all directions.
>>GEORGE: Now, how did you
know about the pyramid shape
and that it works?
>>MICHELLE: It was instinctual
knowing about the pyramid
shape.
I just knew it had
to be a pyramid.
And in fact, I did
go to Egypt and did
experience the Great Pyramid.
So that's where I can speak
that all the sides definitely
emanate a magical
and powerful energy.
>>GEORGE: The ancients
knew about that.
Let me see the
turquoise one, Michelle.
And what's in here, crystals?
>>MICHELLE: That is an
aqua aura quartz, celestite
and Madagascar apatite.
>>GEORGE: What?
>>MICHELLE: Yeah.
Just there's three different
combinations of stones,
so it would be a very elestial,
high spiritual and manifesting
pyramid.
>>GEORGE: Would it
behoove somebody
to put one by their
nightstand, by their bed?
>>MICHELLE: Not everybody.
Some people do well.
Some people are
sensitive to the energies
and it's better in another room.
Everyone's unique.
>>GEORGE: Because
I had heard not
to put your cell phone close to
your head when you're sleeping.
>>MICHELLE: Yeah,
do not do that.
>>GEORGE: Will this negate that?
>>MICHELLE: It should help.
It should definitely help.
In fact, base to body
with these pyramids--
>>GEORGE: There you go.
>>MICHELLE: People
find incredible--
I get testimonials every week
of people using the pyramids
on their bodies.
I have healers and doctors.
I make chakra sets,
and they write to me
that they love them.
They bring the people into
a parasympathetic state,
so that their healing
or their energy work
can begin much sooner,
quicker, and more effective.
>>GEORGE: Are there
different kinds
of crystals for different
kinds of things?
>>MICHELLE: Yes.
Well, every crystal has a
unique signature frequency.
Individually, by the way.
And then, as a group,
quartz crystals
are considered the
master healers.
Black tourmaline is considered
good for psychic protection
and grounding.
>>GEORGE: Are they
good for healing?
>>MICHELLE: All of them are.
>>GEORGE: All right.
Theresa Bullard in Gaia's
"Mystery Teachings"
talks about that.
>>THERESA BULLARD:
When light enters
a medium that is different
from the density of air,
it will bend or refract.
We've seen how light
travels through a prism,
for example, which
is a type of crystal,
and that white light
is in refracted out
into a rainbow of colors.
And different crystals will do
different things with the light
as it passes through.
So how does this relate to
using crystals for healing work?
When we're working with
crystals for healing,
we're sending a form
of light through them.
It's a spiritual
light, or light that
is based on life force
energy and conscious intent.
You can think of it
as a ray of vibration
at a higher frequency
level than visible light.
And that crystal takes that
energy in and then does
something with it.
It may color it,
it may amplify it,
or it might refract it in a
certain way to spread it out.
Different crystals will
work in different ways.
>>GEORGE: I think, Michelle,
you're on to something.
>>MICHELLE: Well, crystals
are windows to dimensional--
higher dimensional frequencies.
They are transmitters
and receivers.
And used in this way,
they're amplified.
>>GEORGE: We used to use
them in old time radios.
>>MICHELLE: They think--
don't they still?
>>GEORGE: In some cases, yeah.
I mean, now everything's
chips and computerized,
but they work.
>>MICHELLE: They do work.
>>GEORGE: You've
got a big pyramid,
you've got a small pyramid.
Is there a difference
in terms of what
they do because of their size?
>>MICHELLE: Bigger definitely
has a larger output,
but not everyone
needs a giant pyramid.
Some people do very
well with smaller ones.
I have four different sizes,
maybe five different sizes.
>>GEORGE: Even
smaller than these?
>>MICHELLE: Even smaller.
They're good little travel ones.
They're good for on the body.
>>GEORGE: What about
electromagnetic frequency?
Good or bad for us?
>>MICHELLE: It depends on which.
Depends on what
distortion it is.
>>GEORGE: Explain that.
>>MICHELLE: Well, cell phone
towers will never have birds
on them, but telephone lines--
which driving here, saw again--
have birds on them.
So if the animals know, maybe
they're telling us something.
>>GEORGE: Teach them
about windmills, however.
>>MICHELLE: Yeah, no,
they don't like that.
>>GEORGE: So when you have
something like this with you,
can you have a small one
and put it in your pocket?
Or is it too pointy?
Would it hurt you or--
>>MICHELLE: I think
it's too pointy,
but you could maybe keep
one around you in the car.
I make pendants also,
but a lot of people
make different pendants.
There's all kinds
of things people can
use this is just one option.
I consider these pyramids
in particular made also
for spiritual awakening.
>>GEORGE: Is there a
danger of too much EMFs?
>>MICHELLE: Too much EMFs?
I think so, yeah.
>>GEORGE: I think so, too.
>>MICHELLE: Yeah, I think we're
being bombarded by satellites.
>>GEORGE: What does it do to us?
Does it play with our brains?
What happens?
>>MICHELLE: All kinds of things.
I just think it's not great
for cellular harmonics.
If trees don't like to
grow nearer a lot of this,
why would cellular
structure of the humans?
>>GEORGE: Well, let's talk
just about that from Gaia's
E-Motion health program.
>> In 2006, we lost,
in some countries,
70% of all our honeybees.
Everyone was trying
to work out what's
happened to all our honeybees.
I mean, honeybees are
essential for life.
We know this, guys.
They pollinate all our
nuts and our seeds.
But what one guy worked
out, he put these eight--
set up these eight beehives.
And he put a deck phone
in five of the hives.
Now, a deck phone is,
like, a cordless phone.
You know, like in
your home when you're
talking on a cordless phone?
So he put these deck phones,
right, in five hives.
And those five hives
that had the deck
phones, 90% of the bees did
not return back to the hive.
And then one of the hives,
not one single bee returned,
which is very alarming.
Now, next to that was
another three hives.
And in those three hives,
all the bees came back.
Bees basically navigate with
electromagnetic frequencies.
In the last 30 years, we
have flooded this planet
with man-made EMFs.
All these new electromagnetic
fields in the air and the bee
can't navigate back
to its little hive.
And the bee doesn't
know where it's going.
Who knows where
the bee is going?
But the bees aren't
there anymore.
And so we know it's
affecting nature.
Now, let's take it
another step further.
We know that EMFs are
affecting our bodies
because the microwaves
that are being sent
from the mobile phone tower
to your phone, that are then
going through your skull
and affecting your brain
are affecting your melatonin.
Melatonin is the body's
most powerful antioxidant.
It's five times more
powerful than vitamin C.
It's twice as powerful as
vitamin E. What melatonin does
in your brain is when it
detects that you're asleep
and there's no light around,
when your cells are recreating
at night, there's a waste
product called free radicals.
And the melatonin
basically goes through
and flushes all your
free radicals out so
that you have healthy
cell reproduction.
That's what melatonin does.
And when you're talking
on your phone all the time
and you've got this phone on
your head day and day out,
you're actually affecting
your melatonin, guys.
And that's a very serious thing.
Our bodies are in sync with
the natural EMFs of the Earth.
Now we've introduced
all these man-made EMFs
with all the cell phone towers,
radio waves, microwaves,
wireless, satellites.
What do you think the
satellites are doing?
They're beaming down EMFs on us.
You can't avoid it.
>>GEORGE: He's spot
on, Michelle, isn't he?
>>MICHELLE: Yes, he is.
I agree with him.
>>GEORGE: Now you just
said you can't avoid it.
Does that mean we're doomed?
>>MICHELLE: I don't
think we're doomed,
but there's a way to
bring into balance.
We have to adjust somehow,
but we-- doing it all at once
can be difficult for the body.
>>GEORGE: But we can't all
walk around with pyramids
all the time.
>>MICHELLE: No, we can't.
>>GEORGE: So what do you do?
>>MICHELLE: I stay home.
>>GEORGE: You stay home?
>>MICHELLE: I work with
these all the time.
I'm around pyramids
all the time.
It's good to go out in it.
We have to.
They did a study with these
chickens that were only
in a harmonic state, and
when they did release them,
they didn't do well.
But the chickens that
would come in and out
of the pen that was in a
harmonic state did much better.
>>GEORGE: What is the
light gridding project?
>>MICHELLE: I decided to place
large pyramids like this--
>>GEORGE: Like this one?
>>MICHELLE: --like this one--
in a few places
around the planet
to help with the Earth changes.
>>GEORGE: How did
you get them there?
>>MICHELLE: It was
finding the right people.
>>GEORGE: Are they hidden?
>>MICHELLE: It was an endeavor.
Well, no, they're just
with a few key people
around the planet.
>>GEORGE: Who won't throw
them away or anything.
>>MICHELLE: I hope not.
>>GEORGE: No.
>>MICHELLE: No, they were--
>>GEORGE: So you've got them
spotted around the world?
>>MICHELLE: Got them spot--
Australia, Chile.
>>GEORGE: And what was
the reasoning behind that?
>>MICHELLE: Just to
help amplify and secure
the harmonics in certain
key places on the planet.
>>GEORGE: Which is one purpose,
I think, of the real pyramids.
The same thing, but on
a much grander scale.
>>MICHELLE: Yes, that
was-- they're incredible.
They are absolutely beyond.
>>GEORGE: They were
probably put where
they are for specific reasons.
>>MICHELLE: Mm-hmm.
Well, that's what I did.
>>GEORGE: That's what you did.
>>MICHELLE: I also think
all the pyramids that people
have bought over
the last 10 years
are also part of the grid.
All the pyramids kind of
communicate, although everyone
sets their own intention.
But they're all kind of
working together in unison.
>>GEORGE: Can you get too
much orgone, too much energy?
>>MICHELLE: I don't know
if you can get too much,
but there are
consequences to too much.
You know, Reich did play with
high orgone spaces and UFOs.
So there's something
to the coordination
of a lot of orgone as a beacon.
>>GEORGE: You think they
kind of summoned UFOs?
>>MICHELLE: Well, when I had
all this work in my house,
I had some definitely
interesting encounters.
>>GEORGE: Tell us about those.
>>MICHELLE: Well,
some were good.
Some were not good.
So I think that it's just, like,
a flashing harmonic light that
draws all kinds of
dimensional beings in.
So I would say have
some, don't have so much.
I no longer work with
the pyramids in my home.
I have a separate workshop.
It's much more peaceful.
>>GEORGE: Just for
that purpose alone?
>>MICHELLE: Just for
that purpose alone.
>>GEORGE: Did you see a
difference when you switched?
>>MICHELLE: I did.
I was able to
sleep better, yeah.
There wasn't so many
interruptions during the night.
>>GEORGE: That's remarkable.
Now, when you are
in this mode, when
you're using your pyramids--
how many do we have here?
We have four--
>>MICHELLE: I think 12.
>>GEORGE: 12!
That's a lot.
>>MICHELLE: I have a lot more.
>>GEORGE: Do 12
do more than one?
>>MICHELLE: You know,
it's interesting.
You can place these in
geometric patterns on the floor
and sit inside them
and have more--
it's more powerful energy to
meditate or do energy work on.
Yes.
>>GEORGE: You work
with clients, right?
>>MICHELLE: Just with friends.
I'm so busy making
these, I don't--
but I do, on friends, do
pyramid work on the body.
Yeah.
>>GEORGE: Have you
seen an impact on them?
>>MICHELLE: They
all bought them.
They all bought them and
used them on their clients.
>>GEORGE: Really?
>>MICHELLE: Yeah.
They love them.
>>GEORGE: And they've
seen a difference?
>>MICHELLE: Well, some
people feel that it
keeps the office clearer.
Some people use-- some
healers use them on the body,
on the chakras.
>>GEORGE: What other shapes
will do similar things?
>>MICHELLE: Well, the triangle.
I'm working on a
three-sided pyramid.
>>GEORGE: Would a sphere do it?
>>MICHELLE: A sphere definitely
is very powerful, a crystal
ball, for example.
>>GEORGE: But a pyramid shape
is the biggest, strongest?
>>MICHELLE: The pyramid
shape is my favorite shape.
And I don't know how
to do a sphere yet.
I would tell people to
just go buy a crystal ball,
and that would be great
energy in a house.
>>GEORGE: That's high production
if you make it a sphere.
>>MICHELLE: Yeah.
It's beyond me right now.
>>GEORGE: Is that resin?
>>MICHELLE: This is resin, yes.
Resin is the adhesion.
>>GEORGE: You mix
all that together
in a big old vat or what?
>>MICHELLE: Well, it takes time.
>>GEORGE: (IMITATING
WITCH) My pretty.
[LAUGHING]
>>MICHELLE: Little bit.
No, not quite like that.
I would say to
anybody making these,
definitely use protective
gear, because you
can get sick from the fumes
and the chemicals for sure.
>>GEORGE: Sharon Schloss has
talked about orgone energy,
too.
Let's take a look.
>>SHARON SCHLOSS: We
are transforming things
using orgonite, because not only
does it clean the atmosphere
and bring things
back into balance,
but actually this energy,
by quieting all that EMF,
allows humanity to
find themselves again.
Because we're
quieting all the noise
that has been kind of
suppressing our consciousness.
We're unable to think
straight when we're bombarded
with these dangerous energies.
And by transmitting that
and removing that influence,
people all of a sudden can
think clearly and see clearly.
So I've actually seen
neighborhoods change.
In Hollywood, where
we were living,
it was just chaos
over there, you know?
So noisy.
We started doing this and
a lot of the crazy people
started acting less crazy.
It became quiet.
We had nice, quiet nights
where we could sleep.
It didn't even sound
like Los Angeles anymore.
>>GEORGE: Now, let's
talk a little bit
about how this has
impacted you personally.
You're around this every day.
>>MICHELLE: Well,
I agree with her.
It does calm your mind.
I would say yes to all of that.
In fact, I use
them in the garden.
It helps plants
regenerate that are--
>>GEORGE: Really?
>>MICHELLE: --not doing well.
Yes.
>>GEORGE: Now, you've
generated a number of plates.
How many have you made?
>>MICHELLE: Oh, maybe 50 plates.
>>GEORGE: All right.
Let's look at a few of
them and you can tell us
what we're looking at.
>>MICHELLE: Originally,
I made the plates
so that people could put their
grocery bag on top of it.
And the frequencies would raise
the frequencies in the food.
>>GEORGE: Really?
>>MICHELLE: In a way, bless the
food just like a prayer would.
It's all very similar in
raising the consciousness.
Yeah, that's what I originally
made them for, but found
that people put
them under the bed
when they're recovering from
surgery and they heal faster.
I make 9 inches, 7
inches, and 14 inches.
>>GEORGE: And what
are they made with?
>>MICHELLE: I make them with
basically the same mixture
as the pyramids.
>>GEORGE: The same resin?
>>MICHELLE: Yes, same recipe.
>>GEORGE: And do you put
crystals in the plates, too?
>>MICHELLE: Crystals
in the plates.
>>GEORGE: How thick are they?
>>MICHELLE: Maybe
inch and a half.
It's in a different
pattern, though.
>>GEORGE: Pretty good size.
Are they heavy?
>>MICHELLE: They're heavy.
They're heavy with
sacred geometry.
>>GEORGE: OK.
And so, you put them
under beds and places.
And they do what?
>>MICHELLE: And
people-- actually,
I did a test with
people in Idaho.
And seven different people
came in and put their bare feet
on the plate, I--
because I wanted
to see what the effects
were on the body.
And I got seven
different testimonials.
One woman, in fact,
who had diabetes
hadn't felt her
feet in 18 years.
And for the first time in
18 years, she felt her feet.
>>GEORGE: That's amazing.
>>MICHELLE: Yeah,
I was very happy.
>>GEORGE: And you make
these for the public?
>>MICHELLE: They're all
on my site and stores.
I also sell--
I have a beautiful
website that sells
large pyramids, medium
pyramids, plates,
chakra sets, and pendants.
>>GEORGE: Spell it out for us.
>>MICHELLE: Lite the Light,
L-I-T-E T-H-E L-I-G-H-T.
>>GEORGE: Now, these
here would cost how much?
>>MICHELLE: Everyone's different
depending on the crystals,
but this size maybe
runs from $190 to $250,
depending on the stones.
>>GEORGE: How about the big one?
>>MICHELLE: That one is $1,800.
>>GEORGE: Really?
>>MICHELLE: It takes me
six weeks to make it.
>>GEORGE: Will the big one work
quicker than the small ones?
>>MICHELLE: Not necessarily.
But do take into account
if you're by cell towers,
if you're by a lot of
electronics, smart meters.
There's a lot of things
people can do to also generate
orgone in their house.
They can put their
crystals on a silver tray.
It won't be as amplified.
It'll have a subtler energy.
But they can do that
right now at home.
There's many different
things people can do.
>>GEORGE: How did you get
involved in this, Michelle?
>>MICHELLE: I was concerned
about the frequencies
descending upon the planet,
how it was affecting us.
>>GEORGE: Did anything
happen to you personally?
>>MICHELLE: Well, I
wasn't sleeping, actually.
And come to find that they hit
the smart meters about 3:00
in the morning.
That's why a lot of
people are waking.
>>GEORGE: Have you always
been this tuned in?
>>MICHELLE: Yes, but the more
I've worked with the crystals,
the more sensitive I've gotten.
Yeah.
>>GEORGE: Fascinating
that you've
been able to do all this.
How about when you
were a little girl?
Did you have this ability?
>>MICHELLE: Well, I loved rocks.
I don't know.
I would ride my
horse in the desert
and imagine different
things and hunt rocks.
>>GEORGE: So you've
always been earthy.
>>MICHELLE: I've been
a rock hunter, yes.
>>GEORGE: A rock hunter?
Spiritual?
>>MICHELLE: Yeah.
I've studied with a lot
of different people,
different modalities for energy.
And I feel that
all of it brings me
to this place where
I can make these.
And what makes my pyramids
different than other-- well
I can't say how
other people's are.
But they're very beautiful, so
people would love to have them.
But I don't put
my energy in them.
In fact, I try and be as clear
and pristine in my frequency
when I'm making these.
>>GEORGE: These actually
could also serve as artwork.
>>MICHELLE: That's
what I thought
would work for people that
weren't really into this.
>>GEORGE: The fact
that they work.
>>MICHELLE: And they
would get the benefit.
>>GEORGE: And not even know it.
>>MICHELLE: But all
things emit a frequency.
Paintings emit frequency.
You know, even in
Feng Shui, where
things are placed can change
how a frequency is in a room.
So all these things really
do matter in our lives.
>>GEORGE: Fascinating
that you do all this.
And people would ship
these right to their home?
>>MICHELLE: I ship
right to their home.
>>GEORGE: Perfect.
>>MICHELLE: It's pretty easy.
>>GEORGE: Let me
hold another one.
>>MICHELLE: What would you like?
Which one?
>>GEORGE: Any one.
>>MICHELLE: Try this one.
This is a new symbol.
It's the Sumerian
sun symbol in there.
>>GEORGE: Great.
Michelle, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>MICHELLE: Thank
you so much, George.
It's an honor.
I've been waiting to
meet you a long time.
>>GEORGE: It's fun.
What a great piece of machinery.
Should I call it that?
>>MICHELLE: Why not?
>>GEORGE: Or equipment
that really filters out
dangerous frequencies that are
bombarding us all the time.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."